---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
published: true
---
This is a collection of posts that describe fundamental concepts of computation in the 21st century.

### My Philosophy:

I was raised by two very religious christians in the 1990s. Their faith has, in my view, be the core of their relationship. It is unimaginable to me that they would be together if not for their faith in God and the teachings of Jesus Christ. It seems like every time there is a crisis in the family somehow the end solution comes back to God.

My relationship  with God would be all but lost if it weren't for my parents. With all my spite for them in my teenage years, even then I would admit that by their faith in God alone they taught me many lessons and truths.

I feel that the debate over the existance of God between the new-age athiests and religious leaders is too one-dimensional. There will be no resolution and the only outcome is pain for both parties. In the end God is a belief, a faith, and will never reveal himself simply for us to feel "at peace" and to "prove he is right". Those things are clearly beyond an alknowing God, and rightly so. 

There is one belief of mine that I am certain about, and that is the belief that _everything_ matters. I think often. Probably too much. All I seem to think about these days is the degeneration of culture. I struggle with porn addiction, which I believe is one of many untracable causes of the degeneration of culture, but I also think it's remnants of past injustices. For example, the civil war never really "ended", it was won. And the south still has contempt for the north and vice versa (actually, mainly vice versa). Identity politics and the American public's obsession with race is unimaginable without the creation of race by Americans and American culture's role in the perpetuation of that myth. 

### A hard reset:

I can only speak from a european perspective and speak with inconsistencies in fact and thought. Yet writing is thought, so why take it so seriously. Every thought should be considered, and the most "reasonable" (horrible word, implies we got to it with reason) idea should be the one that is stuck with. Reasonable in my way of using it means the idea that ideally has very few bad effects. The idea that best fits the problem at hand. It is OK if it contradicts other ideas, as some ideas only work in certain circumstances.

The mistakes we make in life are somtimes so horrible and inhuman that what would really be best is a hard reset. A new chance at life. A new beginning. Luckly, it is human beings that are the most maliable of all living creatures. What other species has changed as much as we have in the past 2,000 years. What other species has so much difference in opinion. What other species has killed over THOUGHTS about other members of the spicies. That is a dark thought, but one worth thinking about. I can't imagine a dog attacking another dog because of how much he things another dog is evil. 

I am in no place to talk about women. I think what has happened to feminity in the past two centuries is a tragedy, though. I truly wish we could have held unto that ideal but it seems to have gone with the wind. I can only give my perspective in terms of what a man would want from a woman. But I do think (speaking generally obviously) a woman wants to be a mother, and more than that a good mother. I think a man wants to take care of a woman. He also wants to be a good friend and teach other men how to be a good friend.

Of course I am speaking in ideals. Man has a tyranical side which is characterized by violence, violent threats, betrayal, extreme risk taking at the expense of those who love him.

Woman has a tyranical side which 

This is not to mention the overlaps between genders and gender confusion which I am very weary of getting into out of pity for those who run around unchecked and oftentimes ecourage epousing nasty beliefs about the role of men and women in society. How are these beliefs not nihilist to the core? THERE IS NO GENDER. GENDER ROLES WERE MADE UP BY MEN TO GAIN POWER. WOMEN ARE WEAK FOR ALLOWING MEN TO DO THIS TO THEM. Look at the implications of these theories. Nothing matters and people are evil/should be put in their place.

Pre-"civil rights" (why is the transition from women as primary caretacker to primary caretaker and/or valued workforce member the same thing as blacks slaves getting the same rights as whites after a decades of hard work?) of women had many problems. Just as all periods have problems if one shines a light on the blemishes. It is pecular to me that as people refer to the past they refer to all women as "weak", "held back", "inconsequential", etc. Were women not the primary caretakers of men and by definition (if men were so ) highly consequential? It seemed to me that men valued women much more than other men. It is only now that they seem to treat women as objects, for instance. Can you imagine a man in the victorian age grinding with a woman on the dance floor? Or watching porn without washing his eyes out with bleach immediately? I also find it odd that we don't study history in school (at least the history in culture, we are taught our culture is best, naturally, but why don't we learn about the victorian age). My mom once remarked that women were less educated in public schools which was an injustice. This doesn't seem to be true, but tends to be the prevailing opinion. I would guess that the truth is that women got the same high school education, and were discouraged from going to college and going into the workforce. While this is obviously unfair, I would hardly call this an injustice. It is injustice to force women out of colleges, but to raise a family is about the most noble thing one can do. In my view the best system would be one that encourages women to start a family (by discouraging premaridal sex and promoting a moral life) but if a woman wants to go unto college she should be able to do so without discouragement. This is far from the world we live in, as people are so results oriented and "science"/"fact"/"diversity and inclusion" (a sorry excuse to cherry pick facts and spout self-promoting slogans). 

I love women, and I think that the highest ideal that I have seen for women is the victorian era woman. Modest, well-mannered, loving and caring. The things that the average man lacks. I know that to modern ears this sounds judgemental (or in the past few years *sexist*) but in my view we have no choice in whether or not to judge. I think that being a harsh judge can be a great thing if we are moral, for example the concience that tells us what we are doing is wrong. Or when our father tells us he is proud but he wants us to do more. But obviously this can turn tyranical real fast. There is no one-size-fits solution. But people get so tormented by their parents (usually their fathers) that they cannot think but to throw it all away. In this new playground one can be king, but king of a smaller hill. Since despite my sympathies and previous support for this ideology it just doesn't work. It ends in dissatisfaction (FOR MOST PEOPLE, WHY ARE PEOPLE SO SCEPTICAL OF NEW IDEAS, THATS THE ONE THING AM GOOD AT). 

Traditional fathers and mothers can turn tyranical real fast. I am by no means advicating that one should enforce these standards by force, but that is the price we paid previously. But in the end we are forced to make a judgement, and whatever judgement we choose people will use that as an excuse to be malicious. This is human nature, not a trait of the past as many leftists would like to think.

I found myself being extremely caucious in my speech, even though no one will ever read this. Am I that afraid of the mob? I suppose I am. I shouldn't be though. I do think that society will collapse at some point. This is not sustainable. Men and Woman cannot compete for the same jobs while at the same time having this political climate AND having diversity quotas / liberal bias that promotes racial divide and degeneration of self-worth for all individuals AND porn and cultural degeneration causing sexually impuslive thoughts/actions. This is just not sustainable as much as I don't mind things right now. The truth is that this will get much worse much quicker than anyone would like to think. These things are in no ones control. And by the end conclusion of this arc our ego will be pleased with previously unthinkable crimes of today.

Who knows the direction this will play out. It just seems quite obvious to me that it will be dark, ugly, and take most people by suprise. One of the worse crimes of it all will be that no one will ever take the blame. And problems will persist in my view until there is a hard reset. And I don't want to see a hard reset.